
                         I should've known you would have been 
                         here Professor McGonagall.

                         I'm afraid so Professor. The good and 
                         the bad.

                         Hagrid is bringing him.

                         Ah, Prof. I would trust Hagrid w/ my 
                         life

                         No problems I trust Hagrid?

                         The only family he has.

                         Exactly. He's far better off growing 
                         up away from all of that. Until he is 
                         ready. There, there Hagrid. It's not 
                         really goodbye after all. Good Luck, 
                         Harry Potter.

                         I have a few start-of-term notices I 
                         wish to announce. The first years please 
                         note, that the Dark Forest is strictly 
                         forbidden to all students. Also, our 
                         caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to 
                         remind you that the third floor corridor 
                         on the right hand side is out of bounds 
                         to all who do not wish to die a most 
                         painful death. Thank you.

                         Let the feast begin!

                         SILENCE! Everyone will please not panic! 
                         Now prefects please escort your house 
                         to the dormitories. Teachers will follow 
                         me to the dungeons.

                         Back again Harry? I see that you, like 
                         many others before you have discovered 
                         the delights of the Mirror of Erised. 
                         I trust now, you realize what it what 
                         it does. Let me give you a clue. The 
                         happiest man on earth would look in 
                         the mirror and only see himself exactly 
                         as he is.

                         Yes, and no. It shows us nothing more 
                         or less then the deepest and most desperate 
                         desires of our hearts. Now you Harry, 
                         who have never known your family you 
                         see them standing beside you. But remember 
                         this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither 
                         knowledge or truth. Men have wasted 
                         away in front of it. Even gone mad. 
                         That is why tomorrow it will be moved 
                         to a new home. And I must ask you not 
                         to go looking for it again. It does 
                         not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and 
                         forget to live.

                         Good afternoon Harry. Tokens from your 
                         admirers.

                         What happened down in the dungeons between 
                         you and Professor Quirrell is a complete 
                         secret. So naturally the whole school 
                         knows. Ah, I see that your friend Ronald 
                         has saved you the trouble of opening 
                         your Chocolate Frogs.

                         Fine. They're both just fine.

                         Relax dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. 
                         My friend Nicholas and I have had a 
                         little chat and agreed it was best all 
                         around.

                         He has enough Elixir of Life to set 
                         his affairs in order. But yes, he will 
                         die.

                         Ah, you see only a person who wanted 
                         to find the Stone, find it, but not 
                         use it would be able to get it. That 
                         is one of my more brilliant ideas. And 
                         between you and me that is saying something.

                         Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which 
                         he can return. Harry do you know why 
                         Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to 
                         have you touch him? It was because of 
                         your mother. She sacrificed herself 
                         for you. And that kind of act leaves 
                         a mark. No, no this kind of mark cannot 
                         be seen. It lives in your very skin.

                         Love Harry. Love. Bertie Bott's Every 
                         Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate 
                         in my youth to come across a vomit flavor 
                         one. Since then I'm afraid I've lost 
                         my liking for them. But I think I could 
                         be safe with a nice toffee. Alas! Earwax!

                         Another year gone. And now as I understand 
                         it, the House Cup needs awarding. And 
                         the points stand as thus: In fourth 
                         place, Gryffindor with 312 points. Third 
                         place, Hufflepuff with 352 points. In 
                         second place Ravenclaw with 426 points. 
                         And in first place, with 472 points, 
                         Slytherin House.

                         Yes, yes. Well-done Slytherin. Well-done 
                         Slytherin. However recent events must 
                         be taken into account. And I have a 
                         few last-minute points to award. To 
                         Miss. Hermione Granger, for the cool 
                         use of intellect when others were in 
                         grave peril. 50 points. Second, to Mr. 
                         Ronald Weasley, for the best-played 
                         game of chess Hogwarts has seen these 
                         many years. 50 points. And third, to 
                         Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and 
                         outstanding courage. I award Gryffindor 
                         House 60 points.

                         And finally, it takes a great deal of 
                         bravery to stand up to your enemies. 
                         But a great deal more to stand up to 
                         your friends. I award 10 points to Neville 
                         Longbottom. Assuming my calculations 
                         are correct I believe that a change 
                         of decoration is in order. Gryffindor 
                         wins the House Cup!
